Reorganize website docs (#1806)
chipsalliance/chisel3: docs/src/developers/style.md

## Naming Conventions

Chisel follows the [Scala Naming Conventions](http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/naming-conventions.html).
In general, Chisel code should use `camelCase` for variable naming (ie. the first letter

> of each word is capitalized except sometimes the first word) and `HeadlessCamelCase` for class names.

Reviewer: "HeadlessCamelCase" 😂

## Naming Conventions

Chisel follows the [Scala Naming Conventions](http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/naming-conventions.html).

> In general, Chisel code should use `camelCase` for variable naming (ie. the first letter
> of each word is capitalized except sometimes the first word) and `HeadlessCamelCase` for class names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, Chisel code should use `lowerCamelCase` for variable naming (ie. the first letter
of each word is capitalized except for the first word) and `UpperCamelCase` for class names.
```
While I agree with @hcook that "HeadLessCamelCase" is funny, the standard terms are lowerCamelCase and UpperCamelCase.

We could also say something about how camelCase is useful because "It helps distinguish between user-provided names and compiler-inserted `_` in the emitted Verilog" or something like that.

Author: haha sorry I was legitimately taught `HeadlessCamelCase`, will change it to the other term (which is used below).

@jackkoenig your point is made in the more detailed section below
